README.md, before:

# HA-LondonTfL

WARNING: still under construction and subject to change often

![Departure details from Canning Town Station Platform 4](https://github.com/morosanmihail/HA-LondonTfL/blob/main/images/example.png?raw=true)

Simple Home Assistant sensor to retrieve departures from Transport for London stations.
Each station creates its own sensor.

Just drop into your `custom_components` folder.
After, of course, creating a new folder in there called `london_tfl`, where all the files in this repo will live in.

Sensor state is the next train departure time from the given station.
Attributes contain up to `max` departures.

Demo configuration:

```
sensor:
  - platform: london_tfl
    name: London TfL
    stops:
      - line: dlr  # Required
        station: 940GZZDLRVC  # Required
      - line: dlr
        station: 940GZZDLCGT
        platform: Platform 4  # Optional. All platforms by default
        max: 3  # Optional. 3 items by default
```

Also available is support for the Upcoming Media card.
Random, yes, but it works as a decent visualiser of all upcoming times.

![Example of Upcoming Media Card](https://github.com/morosanmihail/HA-LondonTfL/blob/main/images/upcoming_media.png?raw=true)

For reference, this also uses `card-mod` to make it look slightly nicer with the less information provided.

```
entity: sensor.dlr_from_royal_victoria_dlr_940gzzdlcgt
image_style: fanart
max: 3
title: TFL
type: custom:upcoming-media-card
clock: 24
box_shadows: false
border_color: none
title_size: small
line1_size: little
title_text: To $title
line1_text: at $time
line2_text: ' '
line3_text: ' '
line4_text: ' '
card_mod:
  style: |
    .type-custom-upcoming-media-card {
      background: none !important;
      box-shadow: none !important;
    }

    .type-custom-upcoming-media-card > div {
      padding: 0px !important;
    }

    .dlr__fanart {
      border-radius: var(--ha-card-border-radius, 4px);
      background-color: rgb(100, 100, 100);
      background-blend-mode: multiply;
      height: 80px;
    }

    .dlr__fan_fanart {
      background: none !important;
      box-shadow: none !important;
    }
```

Change `dlr__fanart` and `dlr__fan_fanart` as your sensor requires.


TODO:
- Add support as a custom HACS repo
- Explain how to get station codes
- Expand with `/Journey/JourneyResults` API

Known issues:
- Some stations do not report any data (either at all, or during periods of disruption) via the `Line/Arrivals` API. This results in no results being returned to the sensor. The workaround will be to use the `Journey/JourneyResults` API at a later date.

Commit message:

- Added config flow. - Limited calls to TfL API by keeping all data received at once and only requesting more when current data is no longer enough. - Fixed bug with TfL API caches returning old data. - Fixed bug with images for lines.

README.md, after:

# HA-LondonTfL

WARNING: still under construction and subject to change often

![Departure details from Canning Town Station Platform 4](https://github.com/morosanmihail/HA-LondonTfL/blob/main/images/example.png?raw=true)

Simple Home Assistant sensor to retrieve departures from Transport for London stations.
Each station creates its own sensor.

Just drop into your `custom_components` folder.
After, of course, creating a new folder in there called `london_tfl`, where all the files in this repo will live in.

Sensor state is the next train departure time from the given station.
Attributes contain up to `max` departures.

Demo configuration:

```
sensor:
  - platform: london_tfl
    name: London TfL
    stops:
      - line: dlr  # Required
        station: 940GZZDLRVC  # Required
      - line: dlr
        station: 940GZZDLCGT
        platform: Platform 4  # Optional. All platforms by default
        max: 3  # Optional. 3 items by default
```

Also available is support for the Upcoming Media card.
Random, yes, but it works as a decent visualiser of all upcoming times.

![Example of Upcoming Media Card](https://github.com/morosanmihail/HA-LondonTfL/blob/main/images/upcoming_media.png?raw=true)

For reference, this also uses `card-mod` to make it look slightly nicer with the less information provided.

```
entity: sensor.dlr_from_royal_victoria_dlr_940gzzdlcgt
image_style: fanart
max: 3
title: TFL
type: custom:upcoming-media-card
clock: 24
box_shadows: false
border_color: none
title_size: small
line1_size: little
title_text: To $title
line1_text: at $time
line2_text: ' '
line3_text: ' '
line4_text: ' '
card_mod:
  style: |
    .type-custom-upcoming-media-card {
      background: none !important;
      box-shadow: none !important;
    }

    .type-custom-upcoming-media-card > div {
      padding: 0px !important;
    }

    .dlr__fanart {
      border-radius: var(--ha-card-border-radius, 4px);
      background-color: rgb(100, 100, 100);
      background-blend-mode: multiply;
      height: 80px;
    }

    .dlr__fan_fanart {
      background: none !important;
      box-shadow: none !important;
    }
```

Change `dlr__fanart` and `dlr__fan_fanart` as your sensor requires.


TODO:
- Add support as a custom HACS repo
- Explain how to get station codes
- Expand with `/Journey/JourneyResults` API

Known issues:
- Config Flow does not have any form hints. This means you don't actually know what you're filling in. Solved by setting up as a manual sensor or remembering it's `line`, `station`, `max` then `platform` when adding via Integrations.
